Replace NormalizerFactory with a faster implementation (#210)
janephp/janephp: documentation/OpenAPI/generate.rst

 * ``fixer-config-file``: A string to specify where to find the custom configuration for the cs-fixer after code generation, will remove all Jane default cs-fixer default configuration.
 * ``clean-generated``: A boolean which indicate if we clean generated output before generating new files, is enabled by default.
 * ``use-cacheable-supports-method``: A boolean which indicate if we use ``CacheableSupportsMethodInterface`` interface to improve caching performances when used with Symfony Serializer.

>  * ``normalizer-factory``: A boolean which indicate if we use ``NormalizerFactory`` or ``LazyNormalizer``, is enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * ``normalizer-factory``: A boolean which indicate if we use ``NormalizerFactory`` (true) or ``LazyNormalizer`` (false), true by default.
```
